doc: Refactor the README (#1215)
apache/apisix-ingress-controller: README.md

* ![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/ApacheAPISIX?style=social) - follow and interact with us using hashtag `#ApacheAPISIX`
* [Bilibili video](https://space.bilibili.com/551921247)

## Todos

> * Support UDP definition. [#116](https://github.com/apache/apisix-ingress-controller/issues/116)
> * Support GRPC definition. [#114](https://github.com/apache/apisix-ingress-controller/issues/114)
> * Add a complete demo. [#9](https://github.com/apache/apisix-ingress-controller/issues/9)
> * More todos will display in [issues](https://github.com/apache/apisix-ingress-controller/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* More todos will display in [issues](https://github.com/apache/apisix-ingress-controller/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Atriage%2Faccepted)
```

It is true that this document has not been updated for a long time, and we have implemented all the content in it.
